hi hello to all today I bring you this
video of how to make this super smoothie
rich and high in fiber with some
ingredients well easy landmarks of
get and super cheap that you have
in your house I'll bet you the only thing
we are going to need
I'm going to use an ordinary apple
size as I will use the liquidator already
I have it chopped
Y
a pretty big fist of carrots
babies or regular carrots if you
you want
I'll be using two tablespoons of
raisins
this is optional I'm going to use a
teaspoon of honey
avn to two tablespoons I will be using
you can use whole oats if all
you want it to be a little lower in
fats and more nutritious
and could not miss the ice and milk and
I like that it is not so thick
then I'm going to add a lot and the
Milestone and enough milk
this is optional also to two
spoonfuls of peanut butter
they provide seven grams of protein
nothing else I will use a spoonful
Now I have to put all the
ingredients in the blender
everything all everything and if you have to leave
pretty soon to move well
because as it is apple and healthy now is
a little hard and so you do not have
that feeling so thick good if you
like thick is the personal taste to me
not then I left it for quite some time
he was beating or grinding as he
call
as I told them nothing else I use a
spoonful of this honey you can put
sugar you can add vanilla is the
like everyone I like about me
this way
and as my teaspoon of
Butter
two tablespoons of this brings the same
amount that one of those bars
proteins that you buy to make muscle
keep it in mind and my milk
and now to leave it with about ten
grinding minutes do not create anything else
about two minutes
it's ready
nothing thick if you do not like thick
because the truth is quite difficult
try to eat it and take it and with
that feeling that is like atole and
It is liquefied, as it is not
Y
and I 'm going to put a little cinnamon
to make it look pretty
you can add it before in the blender
to give it another flavor but nothing
I put it on top
amen this serves me as for two glasses
also or a big glass I take it a
big glass of these and I take it during
the morning and it serves me
I fill this liquefied enough you're going to
do super good you will not be hungry
for several hours the
I recommend very much I hope you like it
this video that have a beautiful day
and a thousand thanks for all the support that I
provide all your comments
Thanks see you in the next
video